c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\ResalaSystem.exe.config
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\ResalaSystem.exe
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\ResalaSystem.pdb
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Form1.resources
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.exe
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.pdb
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.4.dll
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Guest.resources
c:\users\mrhacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Teacher.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Form2.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.GuestExam.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Form3.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.AddCourse.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.DeleteCourse.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.UpdateCourse.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Question.DeleteQuestion.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Question.AddQuestion.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Course.ShowCourse.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Question.ShowQuestion.resources
C:\Users\MrHacker\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ResalaSystem\ResalaSystem\obj\Debug\ResalaSystem.Question.Exam.resources
